so the gigabyte board decided to play
ball with the 771 Xeon processor right
out of the gate this motherboard had the
f5 BIOS flash to it and I have since
updated that BIOS however I didn't need
to do that in order to get the Xeon to
be recognized by the system the
motherboard has succumbed to the will of
the wayback tech and has decided to play
ball with the / Clark now I will say
that it was a trifling challenge to get
this thing to play ball it was extremely
painful because sometimes it would run
at 500 megahertz bus and sometimes it
wouldn't boot up all sometimes it would
throw a memory air and sometimes it
wouldn't I do have it at 480 megahertz
and here's the memory benchmark of the
motherboard in question with the ddr3
memory in it unfortunately I had to
underclock the memory slightly because
for some reason the memory controller on
this motherboard when running all banks
of memory filled has a real big issue
with running the memory at full speed
for some reason so unfortunately that's
about all I can get out of it so there's
a shot of the processor right here
running at cpu-z and you can see the
specs of it right there there's the CPU
Queen benchmark of AI D a 64 extreme and
here's my processor right here in yellow
we compare this to a four core i7 we're
not too far below that and we go up here
to the i7 20 601 quite a bit of a gap to
that one and here's a float point test
here you can see the Xeon is just right
under the Phenom but that's of course a
6 core processor and compared again to
an i7 where we're not too far below an
i7 there at least at 965 anyway so while
I wasn't quite able to get the process
at 4 gigahertz which was my goal I'm
gonna cause a success so we're gonna see
if this can actually do better for my
video editing but for the time being I'm
in this case and do some games so now if
you'll excuse me I'm gonna get back to
my game here thanks for watching
commenting liking subscribing and
sharing all of my videos